5/12/25 - Just over a week into the project, grinding super slowly now. Spending a lot of time trying to figure out blender, trying to figure out how to make assets for the game. Art is not my art. Sarcasm is. . . .Turns out, you can't 'retort' your computer into making cool stuff. Up to this point I have been learning some things about JSON and making systems for equipment, enemies, characters, party, and I'm starting on the tech(special abilities) system. Didn't code for a couple days while I've been trying to figure out some assets. I was pretty sure I wanted to use pygame but since blender works with python, I'm leaning that direction if I can. Pretty proud of the quadratic I used to calculate experience points, and the negative logarithms I used to for skill point curves. Sharp rise in the beginning, tapering down to a low gain as levels get higher. Seems realistic to me, progress comes quick when you start, over time you progress less quickly and the progress isn't as dramatic. Trying to add one of these log entries when I push to git, which I am trying to do daily

5/13/25 - Mostly still trying to blender some things. The project started with a pretty clear idea of pixel art, then I got the idea to go for a full 3-D high-poly, yada, yada...then I remebered, "Oh yeah! Reality!" so the highest I would go for is a low-poly psudo anime style where details are drawn on texture more than actually sculpted and rendered. The low-poly still exceeds my grasp at this time, again, art is not my art. As for what I did do today, I created a list of Tech objects that is my most complicated object to date. Each object contains multiple datatypes, including a dictionary with tuples for values, another dict with boolean keys and a function for one of the values...so long as I can make it work, and I think theyre pretty cool ideas so far. I'm going for a materia-like system, including linking and mastery but when mastered your S.Q.U.I.R.E. assimilates the function and you don't need the Tech equipped to use it (not all Techs can do this)

5/14/25 - Starting from the week before this log began I started with weapons, then the rest of the equipment, then enemies, then the party, now techs. It's getting kinda crazy with my limited experience, but overall I think things are progressing. Most of my work today was in creatingthe first set of techs, I'm sure there will be more before this is over but I have 14 so far, most with multiple abilities as the tech improves with use. I made my first nested objects today (class within a class) each with their own dictionaries for use down the road. JSON file master list, JSON list for techs unlocked by the player. All these were needed before my next big step of assigning them to slots available in the weapons and armor and (the even bigger task of) creating links between various techs. For example, the "Link" tech will work such that when equipped to a weapon in a linked slot(the link tech and linked slots are two different things, probably need to change the name) anyway, link - linked to - flame-thrower tech on a weapon adds fire damage to regular attaks, the same thing in armor resists fire damage. It's not a new idea, but it's one of the coolest ideas ever and I just want to see if I can pull it off. 
